Add remote exam example with real-time grading disabled (#2397)
PrairieLearn/PrairieLearn: docs/remoteExams.md

## Synchronous, timed exams

> This is the **recommended configuration**.

Reviewer: How about the royal "We" to imply PL developer preference instead of the impersonal *this*? 

```suggestion
**We recommend exams be run using the synchronous timed configuration.** Below is an example of an assessment configured for students taking the exam at the same time with a time limit. 
```

> **We recommend exams to be run using a synchronous timed configuration.** Below is an example of an assessment configured to have students taking the exam at the same time with a time limit. 

Author: ```suggestion
**We recommend exams to be run using a synchronous, timed configuration.** Below is an example of an assessment configured to have students taking the exam at the same time with a time limit. 
```

## Asynchronous, timed exams

> This is **NOT** the recommended configuration, but it simplifies exam administration and gives students more flexibility, at the expense of making it easier to cheat. We recommend [synchronous, timed exams](#synchronous-timed-exams).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We do **NOT** the recommend giving asynchronous timed exams. Exams run asynchronously will simplify the exam administration and gives students more flexibility, at the expense of making it easier to cheat. We recommend [synchronous, timed exams](#synchronous-timed-exams).
```

* All of the the [notes above](#synchronous-timed-exams) still apply
* It's a good idea to run exams early-morning to early-morning. Having an `endDate` at 6am is ideal. This avoids having a pile-up at the end of the testing window, because 4am to 7am is the time period when undergraduates are least likely to be active (based on PrairieLearn usage data). Pile-ups near the end are bad because some students always get confused about exactly when the window will close, and end up with less time than they should. Starting at 6am also allows students to take the exam early in morning if they want.

> ## Post-graded exams
> 
> [Disabling real-time grading](assessment.md#disabling-real-time-grading) will hide the "Save & Grade" button on student question pages; only the "Save" button will be available. The "Grade saved answers" button on the assessment overview will also be hidden. Having real-time grading disabled means that students are unable to re-attempt questions.
> 
> This configuration is good when:
> 
> * The exam only contains multiple-choice questions. Disabling real-time grading with more complex questions (even just numeric-answer questions) is not recommended, because it's hard for students to get numeric answers exactly correct on the first attempt.
> 
> * You have a scantron exam you would like to port to PrairieLearn.
> 
> * You want to prevent students from finding out which questions they answered correctly _during_ an exam. To continue hiding answers _after_ the exam is over, use the `allowAccess` setting `"showClosedAssessment": false` in addition to the top-level `allowRealTimeGrading` setting.
> 
> ```json
> "allowRealTimeGrading": false,
> "allowAccess": [
>     {
>         "role": "TA",
>         "credit": 100
>     },
>     {
>         "mode": "Public",
>         "credit": 100,
>         "timeLimitMin": 30,
>         "showClosedAssessment": false
>    }
> ],
> ```

Reviewer 2: ````suggestion
## Post-graded exams

This is **NOT** the recommended configuration, but it's good for mimicking pen-and-paper exams.

This configuration is good when:

* You want to mimic a pen-and-paper exam as much as possible.
* You have a Scantron exam you would like to convert to PrairieLearn.
* You want to prevent students from finding out which questions they answered correctly.
* The exam only contains multiple-choice questions or very simple numeric questions. More complex questions need to allow students multiple attempts, which this configuration disables by turning off real-time grading.

```json
"allowRealTimeGrading": false,
"allowAccess": [
    {
        "role": "TA",
        "credit": 100
    },
    {
        "uids": ["student1@illinois.edu", "student2@illinois.edu"],
        "mode": "Public",
        "credit": 100,
        "startDate": "2020-04-20T11:00:00",
        "endDate": "2020-04-20T12:40:00",
        "timeLimitMin": 90,
        "showClosedAssessment": false
    },
    {
        "mode": "Public",
        "credit": 100,
        "startDate": "2020-04-20T11:00:00",
        "endDate": "2020-04-20T12:10:00",
        "timeLimitMin": 60,
        "showClosedAssessment": false
    },
    {
        "uids": ["student3@illinois.edu", "student4@illinois.edu"],
        "mode": "Public",
        "credit": 100,
        "startDate": "2020-04-20T23:00:00",
        "endDate": "2020-04-21T00:10:00",
        "timeLimitMin": 60,
        "showClosedAssessment": false
    }
],
```

Some notes about this configuration:

* All of the the [notes above for synchronous, timed exams](#synchronous-timed-exams) still apply.
* The only change between this configuration and the [synchronous, timed](#synchronous-timed-exams) configuration above is the addition of the `"allowRealTimeGrading": false`. [Disabling real-time grading](assessment.md#disabling-real-time-grading) will hide the "Save & Grade" button on student question pages; only the "Save" button will be available. The "Grade saved answers" button on the assessment overview will also be hidden.
* When they are doing the exam, students can save answers to a question as many times as they like. When the exam finishes, the most recent saved answer for each question (if any) will be graded. Any earlier saved answers will be ignored.
* With this configuration students will never see their grading results for specific questions. This is because `"allowRealTimeGrading": false` disallows grading _during_ the exam, and `"showClosedAssessment": false` hides per-question grading results _after_ the exam is over.
* Students will be shown their total exam score as soon as the exam is over. There is currently no way to prevent this in PrairieLearn, but it is intended to add a feature to prevent even total score access by students: https://github.com/PrairieLearn/PrairieLearn/issues/2181
* Having real-time grading disabled means that students are unable to re-attempt questions. This means you should not include complex numeric or programming questions, because students will often need multiple attempts at a question after grading feedback to correct minor typos and errors.
* It's possible to also combine this configuration with [asynchronous, timed](#asynchronous-timed-exams) by adding `"allowRealTimeGrading": false` to that configuration above.
````

* All of the the [notes above](#synchronous-timed-exams) still apply
* It's a good idea to run exams early-morning to early-morning. Having an `endDate` at 6am is ideal. This avoids having a pile-up at the end of the testing window, because 4am to 7am is the time period when undergraduates are least likely to be active (based on PrairieLearn usage data). Pile-ups near the end are bad because some students always get confused about exactly when the window will close, and end up with less time than they should. Starting at 6am also allows students to take the exam early in morning if they want.

## Post-graded exams

> This is **NOT** the recommended configuration, but it's good for mimicking pen-and-paper exams.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We do **NOT** the recommend a post-graded exam scheme. Exams run in this manner forfeit the ability to provide immediate feedback as well as partial credit to students, but it's good for mimicking traditional pen-and-paper exams.
```
